after listening to this episode you may
realize you need to unfollow several of
your favorite business mentors the
hustle harder Bros might be destroying
your potential did you know that your
incredible work ethic might be the
reason why your business is stuck
hey I'm chalene Johnson and thanks so
much for joining me in this episode
before we go much further do me a favor
make sure that you are subscribed and if
you don't mind if you're watching on
YouTube please be sure to check out the
first comment that we've pinned under
this video leave your own comment
because we're giving away some really
cool stuff to those of you who are here
on YouTube don't forget to hit that
notification Bell so that you'll be
notified the next time we post up a
video thanks so much for joining me
today my co-host Brock Johnson is not
here today you know what Brock's
probably doing actually I know what
Brock's doing because I looked at his
Instagram he's camping today all right
cut me some slack for a moment I want to
spend just a moment being a proud mom
and tell you being an entrepreneur
someone who made a lot of the mistakes
I'm about to share with you which is why
it's so important to me to make this
episode I worried endlessly that I was
going to teach my kids that that's what
they needed to do
and those are bad habits those were
beliefs that would hold them back one
day some of the things that they
probably witnessed I don't know to what
extent they were aware of how much we
were hustling when they were young but I
do know that there was a shift that
happened and we tried to over emphasize
how important it was to let go of that
mindset and to do things differently and
it does make me like really proud to see
my kids enjoying life like when Brock
was in college my co-host of this
podcast when he was in college and he
hired his first virtual assistant he
wasn't making much money but it was his
money that he used to hire that virtual
assistant and I just remember the The
Pride that I hadn't actually reading the
pride the relief that I had knowing that
gosh maybe all the mistakes that I made
didn't rub off on him maybe he did learn
that you don't have to there's more than
one way to be successful one of my early
earliest beliefs around money and and
that's where this came from was that in
order to make more money you had to work
hard like this is a message I heard the
harder you worked the more money you
would make so I always wore my work
ethic as a badge of honor the fact that
I hustled morning noon and night slept
like four hours a night I wore that as a
badge of honor and even today I will see
people comment under my videos where I
talk about like you don't have to do
that to be successful and and I can show
you the students that we have the
members of the marketing impact Academy
those who have really figured this out
and how to delegate and what it takes to
grow their business without
embracing the extreme hustle that that
it is possible and you know my co-host
Brock is one of those examples but
nonetheless people always say well yeah
but the reason why you're successful
though is because you hustled right like
you know the hard work pays off we hear
things like that I think smart work pays
off and today I'm going to share with
you seven reasons why hustling harder is
not going to help your business the
first which is downtime you're creative
you're an entrepreneur you've the reason
why you've had the success you've had is
because you're not afraid to like come
up with an idea and then test it out
like see hey will this work what if we
tried this what if I offered that what
if I sold this like if you're not
creative it's really hard to even see
potential for opportunity and in order
to see that kind of potential you need
downtime there's no time to daydream
there's no time to be creative if you're
constantly working if you're constantly
the person who's doing number two if you
are constantly hustling there's no time
for me time and it is I'm sure you would
agree during those moments where you're
on a walk or you're swimming or you're
taking your time in the shower or you're
exercising or you're just laying around
that you have these brilliant moments
the idea that really changed everything
in my husband and I's first Fitness
business
came to us while we were having
cocktails over we were like 20 something
years old and I don't even know if yeah
Brockett Brock was just a couple years
old at this point and we were having
dinner together and we were just
enjoying each other's company we were
just casually talking about business we
weren't hustling we weren't at the
office we weren't thinking about like
ways to build the business we were just
enjoying a casual conversation and in
that casual conversation and we're
talking about like opportunities and
different ideas and giving ourselves
permission to daydream we came up with
this idea that that year made our
business a million dollars and I don't
think that would have happened if we
hadn't taken the time to just do
something like a date night
and and I watched some of these like
hustle harder Bros and you know listen
I'm not gonna name names but they're the
people I hear them say like I sacrificed
going out to dinner there were no date
nights I didn't go out with my friends
and you know I did sacrifice a lot of
those things but when I think back on
the ideas
and the concepts That Grew our business
that made us successful those things
happened when we weren't hustling those
things happened when we were daydreaming
the number three reason why hustling is
hard as you are right now is going to
kill your business is because it's going
to kill your energy it's going to kill
your spirit you're only one person you
can only take so much eventually it's
going to break you and it's not just
gonna break you it's gonna break your
relationships you know if you don't have
time to just decompress you feel so
stressed so obligated so behind like
there's forever more to do and that's a
stressful feeling
so by continuing to like pat yourself on
your back that you're you're doing
everything and and to just continually
setting the bar which is great I mean
it's fine to continue to set the bar
further and further ahead but you also
have to understand like there's another
way of doing it that doesn't involve you
doing everything because stress is like
the number one killer like stress will
cause almost all cause mortality like it
is hard on your health it's hard on your
body it's hard on your relationships
it's hard on the people who are around
you it's it just makes life harder when
you are that stressed out the number
four reason why you've got to stop
hustling so hard is because you don't
have time
to delegate there's no time and because
you haven't given yourself enough time
to slow down and figure out who you need
to bring on your team or who it is you
need help from it and I'm not talking
about necessarily for me say this a
million times I'm not talking about
necessarily you bringing out a full-time
person but I'm saying you need at least
a part-time temporary person to help you
break through this Plateau like there
are so many things that you could be
Outsourcing and you know this you know
that there's other people who can
probably do it maybe better than you at
least as well as you and you don't even
have the time to delegate those things
because you haven't slowed down long
enough to create the systems to even
figure out like what is it I need to get
off my plate first who's the person I
need to hire for this where do I find
them how do I write an ad like you
haven't even given yourself enough space
to answer those questions you just keep
going and going and going and you think
that's just going to like magically
appear for you or you're going to be
able to ask someone you have to freaking
slow down you have to stop hustling so
hard
so that you can take the time to go like
okay
what are the things that need to come
off of my plate that like truly other
people could do these things but I'm
doing them
I'm hustling because I've bought into
this concept that I'm only going to be
successful if I'm working harder I want
you to give yourself permission to slow
down to figure out what those things are
and then what's the first hire you need
to make what qualities do they need to
have how do you then set up a system so
that once you do find that person you're
not like oh my God I don't even have
time now to delegate and teach them how
to do this no create the systems create
the standard operating procedures write
it all out document everything that you
do and how you do it how you think
through the process whether that's you
creating a screen recording while you're
actually doing the work and then
detailing it or just documenting every
single step that you take so that when
you do finally bring somebody on what
you need to do ASAP
you don't have to then go like oh no now
I don't even have time to bring them up
to speed or to delegate anything to them
and now it is costing you money no this
bringing somebody onto your team and
learning to delegate is one of the best
ways to break free of the hustle culture
the number five reason why you've got to
slow down is because you need time to
reflect we can't improve those things
that we aren't measuring and if all
you're doing is hustling you're never
going to have the time to reflect on
okay what did we do right what could we
be doing better where have we missed the
mark what do I need to change about
myself what are my limiting beliefs what
members of my team are doing a great job
but like I need better people like you
truly have to spend time in reflection
in order to improve like this is true
about marriage this is true of like your
Fitness is true of like everything like
anything you want to improve you've got
to reflect on you've got to look at it
you've got to analyze it you've got to
measure it and that takes time and if
all you're doing is hustling and going
harder and harder and harder you don't
have time to reflect the number six
reason why your hustle mentality might
be killing your opportunities is because
if all you're doing is hustling there's
no time to create the connections that
you need because there's things you
don't know because there's people you
haven't met because there's ideas that
somebody else has who's not even in your
industry that you haven't even you
haven't even been introduced to them yet
because you're working too hard in fact
when you are having downtime like even
your networking feels like just that
it's like you're hustling like you're
you're trying to go like okay what could
this person do for me as opposed to like
truly just being chill
and getting to know people because
they're interesting and because they're
likable if you get caught up in like
okay I need to go to this networking
event so I can meet the right person and
and see what they can do for me like
that is also hustling
and you can tell when people do it's so
annoying I freaking hate it take the
time
to meet people because they're
interesting people and get to know them
and find out a little bit about their
stories it isn't the person who has like
a huge email list and has done all the
things that you want to do that is
necessarily the person you need to
network with it might just be having a
gentle conversation with a stranger at
the airport like it's shocking the
things are going to come to you when you
give your life and your emotion and your
energy the space to allow it to happen
and right now if all you're doing is
hustling all that energy there's no room
for more
you've got to create the space in order
to add more and the number seven reason
why the level to which you are hustling
right now could possibly kill your
business potential and your personal
potential is because you're neglecting
you I know I know this because I've been
there I've done this I remember thinking
like I can sleep when I'm dead I
remember thinking sleep is for people
who don't want to get ahead sleep is for
people who don't have the same work
ethic that I do sleep is for lazy people
like I literally all the things that I
did in the name of hustling and what's
crazy is it nearly destroyed my
relationship it nearly destroyed my
relationship with my husband because I
became so addicted to doing more and
doing a lot of it myself
that I didn't feel like I was a worthy
person and so I want to just like for a
moment ask you to think about that like
is is that part of the reason why you
hustle because I don't know what the
reason is for you but for me it was like
I just didn't feel like I was a worthy
person unless I was doing something
working work-wise every single second of
every single day like I would not allow
myself to see a movie I wouldn't allow
myself to sit down and relax if I was at
one of my kids games when they were very
little if I was actually watching their
game I remember thinking that I was a
lousy person I was I was a good mom
because I was there but I was a lousy
human if I wasn't forcing my brain to
think through something I needed to do
work wise like my brain was still
working
and I took for me took some therapy you
know and and that therapy happened
because my husband was like you're
addicted to work he became addicted to
gambling and it was just like this
implosion and we couldn't continue on in
that way we decided that like money
wasn't important accomplishments weren't
important like our relationship and our
kids well-being and their peace mattered
more than freaking anything and so
that's when we decided like okay we're
gonna do this differently we need a lot
more downtime we need a lot more time to
daydream we need time to to be connected
to each other it had nothing to do with
our business and the interesting piece
of this story is that we both were okay
with the fact that we believed it would
probably have a very negative impact on
our business we made a conscientious
decision to hustle less a lot less like
a fraction of the amount that we were
doing previously we set limits on what
time we were going to be done working
each day we decided what we would and
wouldn't do on the weekends what time we
would go to bed what time we would you
know focusing on our sleep focusing on
connecting between the two of us the
daydreaming the vacations the date
nights all those things suddenly became
a priority for us we knew like okay our
family and the two of us we met her more
than the business and so we're like it's
okay if the business you know takes a
dive because of that but here's the
crazy thing that happened
our business exploded
because we stopped hustling I don't
think we don't we don't work but we
started working smarter we learned to
delegate I learned the power of
daydreaming I stopped feeling guilty
that every morning I like to spend a
considerable amount of time just I don't
even know you would call it
existing like I give myself permission
to go on weird tangents looking up
strange things on YouTube I give myself
permission to scroll on Tick Tock I give
myself permission to go for a long walk
and and listen to music I give myself
permission to play I give myself
permission to just chill I don't
schedule anything on my calendar before
11 A.M work-wise I would have never done
that in the past I give myself
permission to sleep as long as I need to
and now we're able to make that much
more money and I know what people are
going to say like Yeah but isn't that
because you hustled initially
but no it's not and I can show you that
there's so many people that believe that
now did we reach a certain level of
income hustling for sure but I'm here to
tell you you don't have to do it that
way you do have to be willing to be
smart you've got to think okay how can I
work smarter not harder not longer and
you just you have to take my bossy big
sister advice on this your health and
your well-being like your happiness the
whole reason why you're doing this in
the first place am I right like you want
to be fulfilled and you want to be happy
well how happy you're going to be if
you're entering your third divorce your
kids don't talk to you I mean take a
look at some of these people who that's
the mentality that they preach puzzle
hustle hustle you see them at speaking
events every single weekend they just go
and go and go and and those are the
people that make you they are the ones
that are making you feel like you need
to do more but you don't know how they
feel about themselves you don't know
that they may actually it may be their
own lack of self-worth that has them
driving and driving and driving and it
may be that drive that hustle that it
got them notoriety but what did it do to
their lives there's another way to do it
so I encourage you to take a look at
your mentors take a look at the people
you idolize and just know that it might
not be all that it seems and I'm not
saying that someone who's been married
multiple times isn't happy or successful
or fulfilled but I'm just saying like
there's definitely Fallout from
an incredible Devotion to work where
you're not connected to other people
that's all
do what's right for you
I'm encouraging you to slow down and to
hustle less
and to start working smarter thanks for
listening to this episode I really do
appreciate you thank you for liking this
video leave a comment share this episode
if it was helpful for you send it to
someone you know who's actually really
caught up in that hustle harder work
harder you know Always setting the bar
mentality and let them know that you
encourage them to do a little bit more
for themselves hey it's my goal to be
brief to be bright to make it fun and
then be done I hope this was fun for you
I'll see you soon
[Music]
thank you